---
journal: research-notes
journal-start-date: 2025-02-02
journal-end-date: 2025-02-02
journal-section: day
---
Research Qs and Lit Review are ready, Methods doc is fixed and ready, Data doc is prepared but might need some small changes.

1. ~~Describe in text the study area, use placenames but keep in mind that all placenames must be referred in the map.~~
2. ~~Add the Study Period paragraph below the text.~~
3. ~~Create a simple map, use the placenames.~~

> [!NOTE]
> For tomorrow:
> 
> 1. Research Questions - looks complete, re-read one more time just in case. Fix formatting.
> 2. Literature Review - looks complete, re-read one more time. Fix formatting. FIX THE REFERENCES!!
> 3. Study Area - looks relatively complete, fix formatting. If there are problems, we can re-do the map, or make an additional map too.
> 4. Data - looks relatively complete, but needs additional re-reading and possible fixing. Formatting too!
> 5. Methods - looks almost complete, but check the info altogether.
> 
> After all these five checks are complete:
> 1. Export as PDF (correct dates!) and submit (comment regarding additional paragraphs not related to the actual submission!).
> 2. Once everything besides the study area doc are ready for submission, check time.
> 	1. If there's time to ~12 pm, try re-doing the map.
> 	2. If there's little time, submit as it is.
> 3. After submission, begin placing all of the disjointed pieces into a single plan, add remaining pieces (or make place for) all of the things not yet written or discussed such as the time plan, additional supervision.
> 4. Write an additional introduction (just 1-2 paragraphs.)
> 5. That is it for Monday, on Tuesday we spend half of the day reading literature and half of the day fixing the penguin MS
