---
journal: research-notes
journal-start-date: 2025-01-20
journal-end-date: 2025-01-20
journal-section: day
---
We will have to re-do our test with a much smaller image subset, and for that we will follow the below workflow:
1. Determine if ingrams cover the AoI.
2. Determine the rectangular corner coordinates of the AoI.
3. Place extracted raw (unclipped) Hyp3 data in a new folder, in the required folder structure.
4. Use the GDAL clipping functions in the code to clip all ingrams to the AoI.
5. Run SBAS processing, but maybe do it stepwise and look at the results (we can follow a similar logic as in the tutorial workflow.)

It is also clear that the ingrams do not cover the entirety of the spit, meaning that we likely will need to have multiple ingram stacks. This means that we cannot produce a single-reference displacement series for the entire spit, but will have to split the results into several areas. This would not be bad if the values do not cut across a zone of interest.

Steps taken:

1. Download Google Earth Pro
2. Check the automatically produced velocity.kmz to see where the region ends. We can see that the result has a coordinate offset. There have been attempts already at fixing it: 
	1. [save\_kmz.py for HyP3 · Issue #686 · insarlab/MintPy · GitHub](https://github.com/insarlab/MintPy/issues/686)
3. We have not looked at the orbit direction and path when requesting data, which didn't ensure that our AoI is fully covered.
	1. Read the config file to check if there are specific parameters for this.
	2. If not, ask on Github.

<mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">Problem</mark>: the automatically produced velocity.kmz Google Earth file has a serious coordinate offset, unclear if the offset is constant across the scene. Same when saving with save_kmz.py
<mark style="background: #BBFABBA6;">Solution</mark>: save_kmz.py uses only the corner coordinates and translates them to WGS84 from UTM coordinates (which are used internally by MintPy). This introduces the offset. Checking other forms of outputs such as save_qgis.py (with timeseries.h5) has no such offset.

What's next:

1. ~~Read through the cfg file and figure out all the parameters.~~ 
2. Read through the Hyp3 product guides: [Product Guide - HyP3](https://hyp3-docs.asf.alaska.edu/guides/insar_product_guide/), [Product Guide - HyP3](https://hyp3-docs.asf.alaska.edu/guides/burst_insar_product_guide/)
3. Do we use GAMMA InSAR or Burst InSAR?

Take home points:

### Considerations for Selecting an InSAR Pair[¶](https://hyp3-docs.asf.alaska.edu/guides/insar_product_guide/#considerations-for-selecting-an-insar-pair "Permanent link")

When selecting an InSAR pair, observe the following required conditions:

1. Images from an identical orbit direction (either ascending or descending)
2. Images with identical incidence angles and beam mode
3. Images with identical resolution and wavelength (usually from the same sensor)
4. Images with the same viewing geometry (same path and frame)
5. Images with identical polarizations (both HH or VV)

In addition, the following suggestions may be helpful:

1. Use images from similar seasons/growth/weather conditions
2. For deformation mapping: limited spatial separation of acquisition locations (small physical baseline)
3. For topographic mapping: limited time separation between images (small temporal baseline)

**End of day:**

I analysed the config file, realised that Burst InSAR might be a good option, looked at some basic outputs from MintPy.

Tomorrow, I need to finalize reading about Burst InSAR, install ArcGIS Pro on Tiber and prepare the thought board with what I already read. Then continue reading Hanssen to completion.

