---
journal: research-notes
journal-start-date: 2025-02-07
journal-end-date: 2025-02-07
journal-section: day
---
1. ~~Produce a simple time plan to present to Torbern.~~
2. ~~Meeting at 10.30 am (on Zoom, link sent by Torbern to mail). [[Meeting Questions 02.07]]~~
3. ~~Fix and send time plan, also maybe mention the rest of the points.~~
4. ~~Final adjustment of penguins MS, and send it, and maybe schedule a meeting and request time to produce figures.~~
5. Integrate either Todoist or something else so that Obsidian can talk, and we can stop using these ridiculous number points every day.

Meeting Points:
* ERA5 and MODIS both can be used - Torbern suggests using whichever I prefer.
* Home consultation/supervision is appreciated if I feel I need it, he will be included in the list of authors. Relative humidity from AWS can still be checked.
* Include shrub areas as main study regions (the clearings near Alksnynė/Smiltynė, for example.)
* Include vegetated areas just to prove the point that vegetation is not good for this.
* Remove the part on PS/DS, this is confusing.
* Use Sentinel-2 optical data as the *explanatory variable* instead of using it to segment the area through time.
* Skip the mention of freeze-thaw in the description, but freeze-thaw is included in the analysis, but will require using TEMPERATURE+SOIL MOISTURE and possibly extra variables.
* Contact the student responsible for the Lund meetup and ask for details, and possibility to present work.
* Statistical analysis can be maybe done using Random Forest?
* Contact David regarding the time period for defense. It is now known that it should be during the semester which means not around June 25 - Aug 15.
* Regular meetings on Zoom every two weeks Friday 10.30 am, next one in three weeks on Feb 28.
